- BUT I THINK HE LIKES YOU,
SO MAYBE IT'S NOT
A BAD THING AT ALL.
- THE LA'I'I'E GIRL AT WORK
IS PREGNANT,
AND I WANNA REALLY ASK HER
IF I CAN BUY HER BABY.
- I THINK I MIGHT HAVE
FOUND A PLACE.
- AMBER'S MOVING OUT?
- WE SHOULD LOOK INTO
MAINSTREAMING MAX NEXT YEAR.
- ALL RIGHT.
- WE SHOULD GO INTO BUSINESS
TOGETHER, YOU AND ME.
BELIEVE ME,
WHEN YOU SEE THIS PLACE,
YOU'RE GONNA KNOW WHAT
I'M TAKING ABOUT.
I WANNA DO THIS.
AND I DON'T WANNA DO IT
WITHOUT YOU.
- THE PARENTS OF THE KID THAT
YOU HIT INTEND TO PRESS CHARGES.
- IT'S NOT MY FIRST OFFENSE.
- IS IT REALLY
THAT MUCH SWEETER
ON THE OTHER END
OF THAT RECEIVER
THERE'S NO NEED
TO CONVERT A BELIEVER
I'M ALREADY YOURS
- IT'S GONNA BE SO GREAT.
- NOW MAX,
IF YOU FEEL LIKE
YOU WANNA MAKE
A COMMENT IN CLASS,
YOU GOT TO REMEMBER
TO RAISE YOUR HAND
AND WAIT FOR THE TEACHER
TO CALL ON YOU, OKAY?
SHE WILL.
- YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
AND IF YOU WANNA INTRODUCE
YOURSELF AND SAY,
"HI, I'M MAX BRAVERMAN,"
YOU KNOW, TO MEET THE KIDS,
I'M SURE THERE'S
SO MANY NICE KIDS HERE.
- YEAH, AND IF YOU
SMILE A LITTLE BIT,
THAT'LL HELP THEM KNOW
THAT YOU WANNA BE THEIR FRIEND.
- YEAH. LOOK THEM IN THE EYE.
- LOOK RIGHT THEM IN THE EYE.
- OKAY, I GOT IT.
LOOK THEM IN THE EYE.
A SMILE WILL HELP,
I'M MAX BRAVERMAN.
DON'T CORRECT PEOPLE.
- YUP. A-AND TRY NOT TO
CORRECT YOUR TEACHER.
- IT'S GONNA BE
SO MUCH BETTER THAN FOOTPATH.
- WHY IS THAT?
- OH, BECAUSE AT FOOTPATH,
WE CAN ONLY HAVE
ICE CREAM ONCE A WEEK.
HERE,
WE HAVE IT EVERY DAY.
- AH-HA!
THAT'S RIGHT.
- OH, HEY, LOOK WHO IT IS.
THE BRAVERMANS.
- HI!
- FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL.
ARE YOU SO EXCITED?
- HAS YOUR BABY BEEN KICKING?
- A LITTLE BIT.
- GOOD LUCK, SYD.
- HAVE A GREAT MORNING.
- BYE, JABBAR.
- BYE.
- BYE, GUYS.
- BYE, MAX.
- BYE, DAD.
- WOW.
THAT'S PRETTY COOL, HUH?
- OKAY.
LET'S SEE.
UM...
THE FRENCH ROAST.
- AGAIN?
- YES.
- WHAT DO YOU HAVE,
A NIGHT JOB OR SOMETHING?
- NO, I JUST LIKE COFFEE.
LOTS OF COFFEE.
ALL KINDS OF COFFEE.
- HEY, CAN I ASK YOU
A-A LEGAL QUESTION?
- SURE.
- UM, IT'S JUST--
YOU KNOW WHAT,
FORGET ABOUT IT.
I KNOW THAT YOU'RE BUSY AND...
- NO, NO.
- AND I'M JUST LIKE...
- IT'S FINE.
- I CAN'T, I'M SORRY.
- ZOE. I SAID YES.
WHAT'S UP?
- ALL RIGHT, SO,
MY LANDLORD TOLD ME THAT
I HAVE TO MOVE
OUT OF MY APARTMENT.
BUT THE THING IS I THINK
HE WANTS TO JUST MOVE
HIS GIRLFRIEND'S BUDDY
INTO THE BUILDING.
- NOT COOL.
- RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- I KNEW THAT WASN'T COOL.
- IT'S NOT COOL.
- COOL.
- SUPER UNCOOL.
- COOL. WELL, UM, YEAH.
I CAN JUST DRAFT
A CEASE AND DESIST LETTER
FOR YOU.
I CAN DEFINITELY HELP YOU
WITH THAT.
- FOR REAL?
- YEAH.
- NO, IT'S--YOU KNOW,
I DON'T HAVE--
I DON'T HAVE THE MONEY
TO PAY FOR THAT.
SO DON'T WORRY IT.
FORGET I...
- DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
- I DON'T HAVE
THE MONEY FOR THAT.
- NOT A PROBLEM.
- I CAN MAKE PAYMENTS.
IT'S TOTALLY FINE.
I CAN PAY YOU.
- ZOE, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
- I'LL PAY YOU.
IT'S MY PLEASURE.
- ALL RIGHT.
COOL.
- IF YOU STICK
TO YOUR INITIAL INVESTMENT,
AND IF THE FIRST THREE MONTHS
ARE SECURED BY THE ARTISTS
YOU SAY ARE GONNA
FOLLOW YOU TO THIS SPACE,
YOU, MY FRIEND, COULD BE TURNING
A PROFIT BY MONTH FOUR.
BUT YOU GOTTA STICK TO THAT.
THIS PLACE HAS TO LIVE UP TO
WHAT YOU'RE PROMISING IT TO BE.
AND HONESTLY, YOU KNOW, LOOKING
AROUND, IT'S PRETTY UNIQUE.
AND I THINK THE IDEA OF A
BOUTIQUE UPSCALE
RECORDING STUDIO
IS NOT THE WORST IDEA
YOU'VE EVER HAVE.
- THAT'S AWESOME.
THANK YOU, AND I DON'T EVEN
UNDERSTAND ALL THIS.
BUT THIS IS AMAZING.
SO WE'RE GONNA DO THIS?
- YOU ARE.
I CAN'T DO THIS WITH YOU.
- WELL, WAIT.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
YOU'RE SAYING IT'S...
- LISTEN, I THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
BUT I HAVE A REAL OFFER
ON THE TABLE RIGHT NOW.
- SELLING ROOT BEER?
- YEAH.
AND OTHER SODA AND BEER.
- COME ON, ADAM.
- LOOK, IT'S A REAL OFFER,
CROSBY.
I CAN'T PASS IT UP.
I'VE GOT A HOUSE, I'VE GOT KIDS.
I CAN'T RISK THIS.
- YEAH, I HAVE THAT TOO.
- LISTEN, I THINK THIS IS
A REALLY INTERESTING IDEA.
I HOPE YOU DO IT, AND I HOPE
IT WORKS OUT FOR YOU,
BUT I CAN'T DO IT WITH YOU.
I CAN'T.
- I WON'T ASK ANYONE
TO STAND ON THEIR DESK.
[laughter]
UM...
AND THEN WE'RE GOING
INTO THE ROMANTICS.
REST ASSURED, I WILL NOT
MAKE IT TOO ROMANTIC.
THEY DON'T NEED ANY HELP
IN THAT DEPARTMENT.
I EXPECT A LOT FROM YOUR KIDS,
AND I WANT THEM TO WORK HARD,
BUT I ALSO WANT THEM
TO HAVE FUN.
I GET THEM FOR NINE MONTHS,
AND I WANT THEM TO LOOK BACK
ON IT WITH FUN.
IT'S BECAUSE AS MY CLOSE,
PERSONAL FRIEND
EMILY DICKINSON SAID,
"THAT IT WILL NEVER...
"COME AGAIN
IS WHAT MAKES LIFE SO SWEET."
AND, UM...
- THIS IS TOTALLY EMBARRASSING,
BUT IT'S JUST LIKE...
- NO.
- IF WE DON'T DO IT NOW,
I FEEL LIKE IT COULD BE MORE...
- THIS IS A GOOD IDEA.
- AWKWARD LATER.
- YOU'RE RIGHT.
- IF YOU CAN IMAGINE.
I MEAN, WHO WOULD KNOW,
YOU KNOW,
WHO WOULD'VE KNOWN
THAT IT WOULD BE
EMILY DICKINSON WHO WOULD REALLY
[laughing]
MAKE ME FEEL HOT?
- I'M SURPRISED AT THAT TOO.
'CAUSE SHE...
SHE DIED A VIRGIN.
I DON'T KNOW WHY I SAID THAT.
PLEASE DON'T ASK...
- [glggleS]
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS DO FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
MAY YOU GROW UP TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS KNOW
THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHTS
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU ALWAYS BE COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT AND BE STRONG
MAY YOU STAY FOREVER YOUNG
- HI.
I DON'T THINK WE SHOULD
DO THAT AGAIN.
IT DIDN'T--IT JUST DIDN'T
FEEL GOOD, YOU KNOW.
- YEAH, I DON'T WANT--
I JUST DON'T WANT TO.
- ISN'T IT?
YOU SHOULDN'T FEEL BAD.
- YEAH. NO, I'M--
- IT'S JUST THAT
I DON'T HAVE THAT,
YOU KNOW, CONNECTION.
- I'M THE WORST.
I KNOW.
- NO, NO, NO.
- I KNOW.
- IT'S ME.
- YEAH, IT WAS--THERE WAS
A LITTLE BIT OF YOU IN THERE.
- SARAH, HEY.
- [gas
- [whist'ï¬i'g]
- COME ON SARAH.
AH-HAH.
- THAT'S MY DAD.
- REALLY?
- SARAH,
COME ON OUT.
- IT'S MY DAD.
GO HIDE, HIDE, HIDE.
- WHAT DO I DO?
WHAT DO I DO?
- I'M--I'M COMING,
I'M COMING.
- WHAT'S GOING ON IN THERE?
- NOTHING.
HOLD ON.
- OKAY, HOLDING.
OH, THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU DON'T SEE EVERY DAY.
I'M NOT COMING IN.
NO WAY AM I COMING IN.
- HI.
TREATS.
FOR YOUR
LITTLE SLEEPOVER CELEBRATION.
- OH, MY GOD.
- YEAH.
- GET OUT.
- I BROUGHT A CUP
FOR YOUR LITTLE FRIEND THERE.
- I SEE THAT.
- YOUR BED BUDDY.
HEY, I DIDN'T GET ANY CREAM.
YOU LIKE CREAM?
HEY!
- I'M NOT--NO SIR.
NO, THANK YOU, SIR.
- HE'S VERY WHITE.
- WHAT?
- HE DOESN'T HAVE A TAN.
- DAD, GET OUT OF HERE.
- KIND OF SKINNY.
- OH, MY GOD.
- THIS IS ME LEAVING.
- ARE YOU UNDER THERE?
ARE YOU OKAY?
- YEAH.
- YOU TOTALLY DIDN'T
HAVE TO HIDE IT.
IT'S JUST AN OLD REFLEX,
YOU KNOW.
- THAT WAS
A P-PROUD MOMENT FOR ME.
I FEEL LIKE THAT'S
A RIGHT OF PASSAGE.
- YOU WERE FAST, MAN,
YOU WERE LIKE...
- I WAS--I DIDN'T KNOW
I'D BE SCARED.
- YOU'VE RUN BEFORE.
- [laughter]
I HAVE RUN BEFORE.
- HI, HONEY.
- MORNING.
- YOU'RE UP EARLY.
- YUP.
- MM-HMM.
WHAT YOU DOIN'?
- I AM THINKING ABOUT WHAT
IF I DON'T TAKE THIS JOB.
- I THOUGHT YOU SAID
THAT YOU WERE GOING TO?
- I JUST KEEP TURNING
IT OVER IN MY HEAD, I--
BEVERAGE DISTRIBUTION.
- I'D BUY A BEVERAGE FROM YOU.
- IT'S JUST NOT A VERY INSPIRED
CAREER CHOICE.
- I KNOW IT'S JUST UNTIL
YOU FIND SOMETHING
A LITTLE MORE
INSPIRING, THAT'S ALL.
- THAT'S TRUE.
THAT'S A GOOD POINT.
I HAVE TO LET THEM KNOW
BY WEDNESDAY.
- OKAY.
WHATEVER YOU WANNA DO.
- NO, I SHOULD DO IT.
I SHOULD TAKE IT.
- SO, ALEX, THIS GUY'S NAME
IS CRAIG DAVID.
HE'S A VERY COMPETENT YOUNG
ATTORNEY
WHO DOES PRO BONO WORK
FOR HIS FIRM.
SO I TALKED HIM ABOUT YOUR CASE,
AND HE SAID TO CALL HIM.
- WAIT, SO YOU CAN'T HELP?
I THOUGHT YOU WOULD BE ABLE
TO DO THIS?
- I DON'T--I DON'T PRACTICE
CRIMINAL LAW.
BUT, UM--YOU KNOW.
HE'S GREAT,
AND I WILL BE THERE.
IT'S JUST THAT THE PARENTS
ARE PRESSING CHARGES
FOR ASSAULT AND BATTERY,
AND THAT'S JUST NOT MY AREA
OF EXPERTISE.
- YEAH, I GET IT.
- YOU KNOW.
- MM-HMM.
- IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
- SURE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR--FOR THIS.
HADDIE, I SHOULD PROBABLY
GET YOU TO SCHOOL,
IT'S GETTING KIND OF LATE.
- YEAH.
- I APPRECIATE IT.
- OF COURSE.
- HEY, HADDIE.
HAVE A GOOD FIRST DAY
OF SENIOR YEAR.
- YEAH,
THANK YOU.
- YEAH.
- THANKS.
UM--
IS THIS REALLY SERIOUS?
- YEAH, IT'S KIND OF SERIOUS.
- OKAY.
COULD HE GO TO JAIL?
- POSSIBLY.
- OKAY.
- HAVE YOU TALKED
TO YOUR PARENTS ABOUT THIS?
AS SOON AS YOU CAN.
- RIGHT, YEAH I KNOW.
OKAY.
THANK YOU.
AGAIN, THANK YOU.
- OF COURSE. OF COURSE.
- BYE.
- SO THE BIG SOCIAL STUDIES
PROJECT WE'RE GONNA BE DOING
IS WE'RE GONNA BE STUDYING
THE CALIFORNIA MISSIONS.
YOU'LL HAVE A LONG TERM PROJECT
DUE IN ABOUT FOUR WEEKS.
- YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO WRITE
IN THE BOOK.
- I'M NOT.
- UM, MAX.
- YES, YOU ARE.
- CAN YOU PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND
IF YOU WANNA SAY SOMETHING?
- SHE'S WRITING IN HER BOOK,
AND SHE'S NOT
SUPPOSED TO DO THAT.
- NO, I'M NOT.
I'M NOT WRITING IN MY BOOK.
- OKAY. OKAY SWEETIE.
- YES, YOU ARE.
AND YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO,
BECAUSE IT'S IN THE RULES.
- NO, I'M NOT.
- OKAY, MAX.
LISTEN, WE'LL DEAL
WITH THIS LATER.
IT'S ALSO IN THE RULES THAT
YOU DON'T TALK OUT IN CLASS.
RIGHT MAX?
- MM-HMM.
- OKAY.
SO LET'S TALK
ABOUT THE MISSIONS.
- FREAK.
- DOES ANYBODY KNOW
HOW MANY MISSIONS THERE WERE?
- 21.
AND THERE STILL ARE 21.
IT'S NOT PAST.
- THAT'S THE CORRECT ANSWER.
BUT CAN YOU RAISE YOUR HAND,
PLEASE,
BEFORE YOU GIVE THE ANSWER?
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE MAN
WHO STARTED THE MISSIONS?
YES?
- FATHER SERRA.
- FATHER JUNIPERO SERRA.
- VERY GOOD.
- SHE WAS WRONG.
THERE COULD BE PLENTY OF PEOPLE
WHOSE LAST NAMES WERE SERRA
AND WERE ALSO PRIESTS.
- BUT THERE PROBABLY WEREN'T TOO
MANY OF THOSE...
- IT WAS A VERY COMMON
LAST NAME.
- OKAY, WHO KNOWS THE NAME OF
THE HIGHWAY THAT THEY WERE ON?
- EL CAMINO REAL.
- THAT'S A CORRECT ANSWER, MAX.
BUT AGAIN, YOU RAISED YOUR HAND.
- YES.
- BUT I NEED TO CALL ON YOU
BEFORE YOU ANSWER.
- SO, YOU SHOULD'VE
SPECIFIED THAT.
YOU JUST SAID
I NEEDED TO RAISE MY HAND.
- I--I DID SPECIFY.
I SAID...
- NO YOU SAID--YOU JUST SAID
RAISE YOUR HAND.
- MAX.
- I DON'T GET WHY WE
HAVE TO RAISE OUR HANDS,
BECAUSE IF YOU WERE IN A
REAL CONVERSATION...
- OKAY, LISTEN, WE'RE GONNA...
- THEN YOU WOULDN'T, LIKE,
RAISE HAND EVERY TIME
YOU WANTED TO CONTRIBUTE
SOMETHING IN THAT CONVERSATION.
YOU WOULD JUST GO...
- MAX BRAVERMAN, WE WILL TALK
ABOUT THIS LATER.
- I WAS DRINKING AT THE PARTY,
AND ALEX CAME TO PICK ME UP.
THERE WAS A MISUNDERSTANDING.
THE GUY, ZACH, WHOSE HOUSE
IT IS, THOUGHT THAT
ALEX WAS BOTHERING ME,
AND HE WAS BEING REALLY RUDE.
HE PUSHED ALEX, SO,
AND IT WAS REALLY MESSY,
AND ALEX PUNCHED HIM.
THEY GOT INTO A FIGHT.
IT WASN'T HUGE.
IT WAS OVER QUICKLY.
IT WAS MY FAULT.
- NO, LISTEN.
I TAKE FULL RESPONSIBILITY.
OKAY, IT WAS FAULT.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE REACTED.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE PUNCHED
THE GUY.
- OKAY, I ACTUALLY DON'T
EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY
TO YOU BOTH RIGHT NOW.
- I HAVE TO TELL YOU ALSO
THAT THE FAMILY
IS GONNA PRESS
CHARGES OF ASSAULT AND BATTERY.
- [sighs]
- DO YOU HAVE A LAWYER?
- YEAH.
BUT I DON'T WANT YOU
TO WORRY ABOUT THAT, OKAY?
I'M HANDLING IT.
WE--WE THOUGHT THAT YOU GUYS
NEEDED TO KNOW.
- BUDDY, COME ON.
- I'M AWAKE.
- IT'S TIME TO GET UP FOR
SCHOOL, WE GOTTA GO.
MAX...
ARE YOU EXCITED ABOUT GOING BACK
TO SCHOOL TODAY?
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
- [sighs]
- DO YOU LIKE YOUR TEACHER?
IS SHE NICE?
- I THOUGHT YOU ALREADY ASKED ME
THIS STUFF LAST NIGHT.
- YOU'RE RIGHT.
I KNOW, I DID. I DID.
I'M JUST--JUST WONDERING.
DO YOU LIKE IT
AS MUCH AS FOOTPATH?
- I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S OKAY.
- HOW ABOUT FRIENDS?
HAVE YOU MADE ANY NEW FRIENDS?
I'M SURE THERE WERE
A LOT OF NICE KIDS THERE
THAT ARE JUST LIKE...
- I DON'T KNOW.
- WANTING TO HANG OUT WITH YOU.
- NO, NO.
CAN I HAVE MY BREAKFAST NOW?
- SURE.
I'LL GET YOUR BREAKFAST.
- [knocks on door]
- HEY.
- THIS IS WHY I CAN'T TRUST YOU,
CROSBY.
THIS IS WHY YOU SCARE ME.
- IT'S BECAUSE
OF HOW I'M DRESSED?
- I JUST GOT A CALL FROM SOME
GUY AT MY HOME TELLING ME ABOUT
A MEETING WE'RE HAVING
TOMORROW TO DISCUSS THE LEASE
FOR THE SPACE AND
CALLING ME A PARTNER.
- OH, THAT.
- ALL RIGHT.
I'M NOT YOUR PARTNER, OKAY?
I SPECIFICALLY TOLD YOU,
I CAN'T DO THIS WITH YOU.
- YOU RAN A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS
FOR 15 YEARS.
IT LOOKS GREAT ON AN
APPLICATION.
IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL.
I JUST GAVE THEM YOUR
WORK HISTORY
AND YOUR SOC--
- WAIT A MINUTE. YOU GAVE THEM
MY SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER?
WHERE DID YOU GET MY SOCIAL
SECURITY NUMBER?
- FROM DAD.
WHERE I ALWAYS GET IT.
- YOU'VE DONE THIS BEFORE?
- OF COURSE, I HAVE.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'VE DONE THIS.
- LOOK AT YOU.
- THIS IS EXACTLY WHY
I DIDN'T WANT TO GO
INTO BUSINESS WITH YOU.
- OH, WHY? 'CAUSE I'M COMMITTED
TO MAKING THIS THING HAPPEN?
I DON'T WANNA BLOW THIS
OPPORTUNITY, ADAM.
I SEE SOMETHING IN THAT
BUILDING, OKAY?
- MM-HMM.
- IT'S A PLACE WHERE THE PAST
AND THE PRESENT COME TOGETHER
OVER A LUNCH COUNTER IN
HAIGHT-ASHBURY
AND MAGIC CAN HAPPEN THERE.
I JUST NEED YOU TO COME AND MEET
THE LANDLORD WITH ME.
THERE ARE OTHER COMPANIES THAT
WANT THE SPACE,
AND I GOTTA CONVINCE HIM AND
YOU'RE--YOU HAVE THAT THING.
PEOPLE TRUST YOU.
- WELL, THERE'S A REASON WHY
THEY TRUST ME, CROSBY.
I'M TRUSTWORTHY.
- I KNOW THAT.
YOU'VE GOT THAT,
AND-AND I NEED IT.
JUST COME WITH ME AND TALK ABOUT
THE NUMBERS
THAT WAY YOU DID
IN THE PANCAKE HOUSE.
SOMEHOW, YOU MADE
THAT SOUND EXCITING,
AND THEN YOU DON'T HAVE TO HAVE
ANYTHING TO DO WITH IT
EVER AGAIN.
AS SOON AS I GET THE LEASE,
YOUR NAME WILL COME OFF OF IT
AND THAT'LL BE THAT.
- HEY, HONEY.
- YEAH.
- UM, YOU KNOW, HOW I WAS JOKING
ABOUT ASKING THE LATTE GIRL
IF WE COULD HAVE HER BAY?
- [laughs]
YEAH.
- UM, WHAT IF I DID?
- DID WHAT?
- WHAT IF I ASKED HER
IF WE COULD HAVE HER BABY?
SHE TOLD ME SHE DOESN'T WANT IT.
SHE WAS GIVING IT UP.
AND WE DO WANT IT.
- WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
- I'M SAYING I WANT--I WANNA
ASK HER.
- HONEY, YOU CAN'T WALK UP TO
SOMEBODY YOU WORK WITH
AND SAY, "EXCUSE ME, IF YOU
AREN'T USING THAT BABY,
CAN WE HAVE IT?"
- WHY NOT?
OKAY.
HONEY, WE DON'T--WE KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT THIS GIRL.
- I DO.
I KNOW HER.
- OKAY.
HOW?
- SHE'S LOVELY.
GOOD.
- SHE'S--SHE'S SMART AND
BEAUTIFUL AND SO YOUNG...
- AND GREAT AT MAKING LATTES.
YOU DON'T KNOW GENETIC MAKE-UP.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THIS GIRL
HAS BEEN THROUGH.
SHE COULD BE A CRACK ADDICT...
- SHE'S NOT A CRACK ADDICT.
- WE--WE COULD BE CRACK ADDICT S.
SHE KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT US.
- WELL, YOU CAN MEET HER.
I CAN EASILY ARRANGE THAT.
- NO.
IT'S NOT HOW'S IT DONE.
- WELL, CAN YOU THINK
OUTSIDE THE BOX HERE?
THIS IS FALLING IN OUR LAPS.
- I CAN'T THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX
ON THIS ONE.
- THIS IS--IT'S AN AMAZING
OPPORTUNITY, BABE.
CAN YOU C(NJgSIDER IT?
YOU JUST--YOU JUST CAN'T GO
ROGUE ON ME
AND HAMMER OUT A DEAL
AT THE COFFEE CART.
THAT'S CRAZY, JULIA.
YOU KNOW THAT'S CRAZY,
RIGHT?
WE'RE GOING TO GET A BABY.
WE'RE GONNA GET OUR BABY.
BUT WE'RE GONNA DO IT
THROUGH THE PROPER CHANNELS.
WE'RE GONNA DO IT THE RIGHT WAY,
AND YOU JUST HAVE TO BE
PATIENT HERE.
OKAY?
- OKAY.
- DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING ELSE
TO DO?
- NO, THAT'S WHAT--YEAH,
ACTUALLY
I WAS ABOUT 45 MINUTES EARLY
TONIGHT.
I JUST HID AROUND.
- WHAT?
- THE CORNER.
- YOU DID?
- AND WAITED IN MY CAR UNTIL
IT SEEMED APPROPRIATE--
- YOU WAITED IN THE CAR?
- YEAH.
- OH, NO.
- WELL, I HAVE...
- WHAT DID YOU DO?
- I HAVE--I HAVE THINGS TO DO.
I WAS LISTENING TO THE RADIO
AND,
- WHAT DID YOU DO?
- YOU KNOW, CAUGHT UP ON CURRENT
EVENTS AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
[laughter]
- I WAS ALWAYS THINK IT RUNS IN
THE FAMILY
SO IT'S NOT MY FAULT,
YOU KNOW.
- TARDINESS?
- ME AND CROSBY,
WE STRUGGLE.
- NOT SO MUCH.
- IT'S NOT OUR FAULT.
- IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
MY BROTHER'S ALWAYS--
WELL, MY BROTHER GETS THERE
EXACTLY ON TIME.
- OH YEAH?
YOUR OLDER BROTHER?
- SO I PRETEND LIKE
I AM MY BROTHER.
YEAH MY OLDER BROTHER.
- OKAY.
- WHO'S GETTING MARRIED
ACTUALLY THIS DECEMBER.
- OH, HIS FIRST--
- YEAH, HIS FIRST.
- HE'S LIKE 30-SOMETHING, RIGHT?
- YEAH, 32.
- YEAH, HIS FIRST.
- GOOD.
THAT'S GOOD.
- YEAH.
- I'M GLAD.
- HE'S THE FIRST ONE AND,
YEAH, THEY'RE DOING IT IN CABO.
AND THEY'VE--THEY HAVE GIVEN ME
A PLUS ONE SO,
IF YOU WANNA GO,
IT'S IN DECEMBER YOU WOULD...
- YEAH.
I MEAN, WE...WE'LL...
- YEAH, THERE'S A LOT OF TIME
TO FIGURE OUT.
- NO, NO, IT WAS JUST A LONG
TIME FROM NOW.
I'M NOT SURE WHAT WE'RE GONNA BE
DOING IN DECEMBER, YOU KNOW.
- NO, OF COURSE.
- IN THE MONTH OF DECEMBER.
THAT'S REALLY NICE.
- ABSOLUTELY.
- THANK YOU.
THAT COULD BE FUN.
- THEY'RE, UM...
IT'LL BE THERE.
- GREAT.
- YEAH?
- YEAH.
GOOD MOVIE, GOOD WALK.
THANK YOU.
- IT WAS--IT WAS A GREAT NIGHT.
- MM-HMM.
- I GOT A CHANCE TO THINK.
- SO TOMORROW, AM I--AM I GONNA
GO WITH YOU TO THE LAWYER?
- NO HADDIE, YOU CAN'T.
FOR WHAT?
- YOU'RE LIKE FEELING SCARED
OR WORRIED OR SOMETHING.
I WOULD WANNA BE THERE LIKE,
TO HELP HOWEVER I CAN.
- YOU'VE BEEN THERE FOR ME,
ALL RIGHT?
AND-AND YOU'VE BEEN HELPING ME
SO MUCH
JUST BY SPENDING TIME WITH ME
AND JUST HANGING OUT
AND JUST TAKING MY MIND OFF
OF IT.
AND THAT--THAT MEANS
THE WORLD TO ME.
- OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT? LET ME
JUST DO THIS MYSELF, OKAY?
THERE'S SOMETHING I JUST NEED
TO GET THROUGH,
AND I'LL TELL YOU
ABOUT IT LATER.
I'LL TELL YOU ABOUT IT TOMORROW,
OKAY?
- OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, IF YOU NEED TO, YEAH.
- TELL ME YOU LOVE ME?
- OKAY, I LOVE YOU.
- CAN YOU GIVE ME A KISS?
- OKAY.
GOOD NIGHT.
- GOOD NIGHT.
- GOOD LUCK.
- THANK YOU.
- HEY, HONEY.
- YEAH.
- MAX'S TEACHER HASN'T EMAILED
ME BACK YET.
I MEAN, THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
- WELL, HOW MANY EMAILS
HAVE YOU SENT HER?
- LIKE SEVEN. I MEAN,
SOME RESPONSE WOULD BE NICE.
I'M JUST REALLY...
- SEVEN AND TOMORROW IS MAX'S
FOURTH DAY OF SCHOOL?
- I JUST WANT TO KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON.
LIKE, SHE HASN'T CONTACTED
ME ABOUT ANYTHING,
SHE KNOWS HE HAS ASPERGER'S.
- MM-HMM.
- HE'S NOT LIKE THE OTHER KIDS
AT SCHOOL AND I'M WORRIED.
I JUST FEEL LIKE IT'S EVERYTHING
RIGHT NOW.
YOU KNOW, IT'S NOT JUST MAX
AND THE NEW SCHOOL.
- I FEEL LIKE IT'S MY JOB AND
I'M WORRYING ABOUT--
I'M JUST WORRIED ABOUT YOUR JOB,
AND I'M WORRIED ABOUT HADDIE,
AND I'M WORRIED ABOUT THE BABY.
- MM-HMM, MM-HMM.
OKAY.
- I'M NOT DOING SO GREAT
MENTALLY RIGHT NOW.
- OKAY.
- I'M JUST HORMONAL
AND I'M JUST--
IF SHE COULD JUST EMAIL ME BACK,
I WOULD FEEL A LITTLE BETTER.
- ALL RIGHT, OKAY.
- [exhales]
I'M UNRAVELING A LITTLE BIT.
THAT'S ALL.
- HEY, I'M MAKING THE CALL.
I'M TAKING THE JOB,
I'LL START NEXT WEEK.
- HONEY, YOU DON'T HAVE
TO DO THAT.
I KNOW IT'S NOT YOUR DREAM JOB,
IT'S JUST--I'M...
- WE'RE HAVING A BABY,
YOU KNOW.
IT'S WORK, IT'S A PAYCHECK.
I GOTTA TAKE THE JOB.
IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO FEEL
BAD ABOUT IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
IT'LL BE OKAY.
IT'LL BE OKAY,
ALL RIGHT?
FEEL FOR THE FROWNING NOW
NOWHERE TO BEGIN,
ARE YOU TO FIGURE IT OUT?
WOULDN'T YOU LIKE TO KNOW?
WOULDN'T YOU LIKE
TO KNOW
WOULDN'T YOU LIKE TO KNOW
- UM, SHOULD I--SHOULD I PARK
THIS SOMEWHERE DOWN THE STREET?
- I WOULD LOVE TO,
BUT I--I FORGOT.
I WAS JUST THINKING OF IT
THAT I HAVE A DEADLINE
FOR MY WRITING CLASS TOMORROW.
- OKAY.
- SO, MAYBE NOT TONIGHT.
- NO PROBLEM.
- I'M SORRY.
- NO, YOU DON'T HAVE
TO APOLOGIZE.
I KNOW THAT THE TIMING WASN'T
RIGHT TWO YEARS AGO,
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE THE TIMING IS
RIGHT NOW FOR ME AT LEAST.
AND I JUST--I GUESS I WANTED TO
LET YOU KNOW THAT
THIS SIDE OF THE CAR
IS READY NOW,
AND I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT SIDE OF THE CAR.
ABOUT IT OR ANYTHING.
I JUST WANTED
YOU KNOW THAT I'M IN.
- I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW WHY,
BUT I JUST DON'T KNOW.
I'LL TALK TO YOU TOMORROW.
- OKAY.
THANK YOU AGAIN.
- YEAH.
[starts engine]
WOULDN'T YOU LIKE TO KNOW
THE ODDS OF BEING ALONE
[school bell ringing]
- ZACK, HI.
- HEY.
- UM...
I'M SO SORRY.
I'M--I'M SO SORRY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT
THAT HAPPENED.
IT WAS A COMPLETE
MISUNDERSTANDING.
HE FEELS TERRIBLE.
- OKAY.
- I CAN UNDERSTAND THAT YOU'RE
MAD, AND YOU CAN BE MAD.
I JUST FEEL LIKE THERE'S
PROBABLY ANOTHER WAY
THAT WE COULD WORK THIS OUT
OTHER THAN LIKE PRESSING CHARGES
JUST BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
HE COULD GO TO JAIL.
IT DOESN'T FEEL LIKE IT WAS THAT
BAD OF A THING AND I'M SORRY.
- LOOK, IF IT WAS UP TO ME,
I WOULD DROP THE CHARGES
IN A SECOND, OKAY?
BUT MY PARENTS ARE
REALLY PISSED.
- DID YOU EXPLAIN, LIKE,
THE CIRCUMSTANCES?
- YEAH, YEAH.
DUDE HAS A RECORD.
- HE DOESN'T HAVE A RECORD.
- YEAH, HE DOES ACTUALLY.
ATTEMPTED MURDER AND ROBBERY.
- SORRY.
I KNOW ALEX,
AND HE WOULDN'T DO THAT.
AND HE DOESN'T HAVE A RECORD.
- WELL, MAYBE HE WOULDN'T,
BUT HE DID.
[school bell rings]
[indistinct chatter]
- HI.
I'M MAX BRAVERMAN.
- I LOOKED YOU IN THE EYE.
- WHAT HIS PROBLEM?
- WHAT ARE YOU READING?
- YEAH.
- YOU PROBABLY HEARD I HAD
A VISITOR THE OTHER NIGHT.
- YEP.
I HEARD.
- I LIKE HIM.
- THAT'S NICE.
- AND HE'S 28.
- YEAH, 28 IS KIND OF YOUNG.
- HE WAS TWO YEARS OLD WHEN
THE BREAKFAST CLUBCAME OUT.
- WOW, WAS THAT LONG AGO?
- YEAH, YEAH.
AND WE'RE IN THE CAR
THE OTHER NIGHT,
AND I KNOW MUSIC,
I'M NOT, YOU KNOW,
BUT HE'S PLAYING THIS STUFF
CALLED NAKED KIDS.
I'VE NEVER EVEN HEARD
ABOUT THEM.
- YOU'VE NEVER HEARD
OF NAKED KIDS?
- YOU HAVE?
- LOOK, THESE ARE NOT
LEGITIMATE CONCERNS
OF MOVIES AND MUSIC GROUPS.
WHAT'S THE REAL DEAL?
- I MEAN, I SHOULD BE
WITH SOMEONE MY OWN AGE,
- MAYBE.
NOT NECESSARILY.
YOU KNOW, IF YOU WERE
WITH SOMEONE WHO WAS 40,
HE COULD BE TWICE DIVORCED
AND HAVE FIVE KIDS, YOU KNOW.
I MEAN, THERE--THERE COULD
ALWAYS BE AN ISSUE
IF YOU WANTED TO MAKE AN ISSUE.
RELAX.
HAVE A GOOD TIME.
YOU KNOW, ENJOY YOURSELF,
YEAH?
- WHO CAN DO THAT?
- WHAT'S STOPPING YOU?
WHAT'S STOPPING YOU?
- HOW DID CROSBY CONVINCE
YOU TO GIVE HIM
MY SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER?
- WHAT?
- WHY DID YOU GIVE CROSBY
MY SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER?
- OH.
WELL, HE SAID HE NEEDED IT.
- ALL RIGHT.
WELL, LISTEN.
YOU KNOW WHAT HE DID WITH IT?
HE PUT MY NAME DOWN
ON A LOAN APPLICATION
WITH THAT INFORMATION.
HE IMPLICATED ME AS PARTNER
IN HIS NEW BUSINESS.
- NO.
- YEAH.
- REALLY?
- OKAY, SO I NEED
YOUR HELP HERE.
I NEED YOU TO JUST REMIND ME
OF ALL THE WAYS
THAT CROSBY IS A SCREW UP,
OKAY?
- HE'S IMPULSIVE.
I MEAN, MY GOSH, HE THINKS
EVERYBODY FEELS
THE SAME WAY ABOUT STUFF
THAT HE DOES,
AND IF HE FINDS OUT THAT YOU'RE
ON A DIFFERENT PAGE THAN HE IS,
WHAT YOU...
- TOTALLY DIFFERENT PAGE.
- HE GETS UPSET.
- YEAH.
LIKE A LITTLE BABY.
- THAT KID HAS MANAGE TO LOSE
EVERY TOOL I'VE EVER OWNED.
- NOT SURPRISING.
- HE GOES THROUGH WOMEN
LIKE COTTON CANDY.
- DAD, DON'T FORGET HE SLEPT
WITH MY SON'S BEHAVIORAL AIDE.
AND, YOU KNOW, EVERY TIME WE GO
OUT FOR A MEAL,
GUESS WHO HAS TO PICK UP
THE CHECK.
- YOU DO?
- I DO.
- WHEN HE WAS 16,
HE STOLE MY CAR,
HE BASHED IT INTO
A GARBAGE CAN.
- REMEMBER THIS?
- TEARS THE BUMPER OFF.
GUESS WHO ENDS UP PAYING FOR IT?
- YOU?
- YEAH, ME.
- SURE.
- WHY?
- HE'S NOT GONNA PAY FOR IT.
- YOU NEVER PAID FOR IT.
- YOU KNOW WHAT? HE TAKES STUFF
WITHOUT ASKING.
BORROWS MONEY,
DOESN'T PAY IT BACK.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
REALLY BOTHERS ME?
THIS IS KIND OF CRAZY,
BUT SOMETIMES, YOU KNOW,
HE WEARS THE SAME SHIRT
TWO DAYS IN A ROW.
- YEAH.
WELL, I DO THAT.
WELL, YEAH, WELL, YOU KNOW,
I MEAN UNLESS YOUR CAMPING,
IT'S KINDA GROSS.
- UM-HMM.
- ANYWAY...
- BOY.
SON, I GOT TO TELL YOU,
I UNDERSTAND PERFECT LY,
COMPLETELY OF WHY YOU WOULDN'T
GO INTO BUSINESS WITH HIM.
- YEAH, AND YET YOU GIVE HIM
MY SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER.
- IT JUST SEEMED TO MEAN
SO MUCH TO HIM.
WHEN HE TOLD ME,
I SWEAR TO GOD,
HE HAD TEARS IN HIS EYES.
- YOU SUCK, DAD.
YOU SUCK.
- NOW, YOU SAY HELLO
TO YOU MOTHER.
- YEAH.
- AND I'LL BE OUT HERE.
- OH, YEAH.
- I GOT STUCK
IN SOME TRAFFIC
COMING FROM THE PRESS
CONFERENCE. UH-HUH.
YEAH, I PROBABLY ABOUT
20 MINUTES.
OKAY, THAN KS.
- IT VERY CLEARLY STATES THAT
YOU HAVE THE APARTMENT
THROUGH JANUARY 2012,
SO THIS WILL BE NO PROBLEM.
- [sighs]
THAT'S HUGE.
MY LIFE IS SUCH A TRAIN WRECK
RIGHT NOW.
I WAS REALLY HOPING SLEEPING ON
THE STREETS
WASN'T GONNA BE PART OF IT.
[sighs]
- I'M SURE WHAT YOU'RE DOING
IS NOT EASY.
- I'M NOT THE FIRST DUMBASS
TO GET KNOCKED UP
WHEN SHE WASN'T SUPPOSED TO, SO
I CAN'T FEEL TOO BAD FOR MYSELF.
I WAS RAISED CATHOLIC.
- UH-HMM.
- I GUESS I'M NOT ANYMORE,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
YOU STILL HEAR THE HYMNS.
- NO, I KIND OF WISH
THAT I HAD A RELIGION.
WE WEREN'T RAISED
WITH ANYTHING SPECIFIC.
- THE AGENCY FORM I FILLED OUT
ASKED IF I HAD A PREFERENCE
FOR THE ADOPTED PARENTS'
RELIGION...
- UH-HMM.
- AND I JUST
KEPT THINKING NONE.
- YOU'RE WORKING WITH AN AGENCY?
- YEAH.
I GUESS THERE'S ALREADY SOME
HUGE WAITING LIST FOR BABIES.
I GUESS SOME PEOPLE HAVE
TROUBLE GETTING PREGNANT.
- YEAH.
YEAH.
I GUESS SO.
- ARE YOU OKAY?
DO YOU NEED SOME WATER
OR SOMETHING?
- NO.
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M HUNGRY OR SOMETHING,
I THINK I'VE SKIPPED LUNCH.
- I CAN GO STEAL YOU SOME
FROM THE CART.
- NO, NO, NO.
- NO ONE'S GONNA NOTICE.
IT'S OKAY, TRUST ME.
- I--LET ME JUST TAKE ONE MORE
LOOK AT YOUR LEASE,
AND THEN I'LL GIVE IT BACK TO
YOU, AND WE'LL BE GOOD.
[knocks on desk]
- HEY, KRISTINA.
- HI, MS. MCKENDO.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
- I'M GOOD.
- I JUST--I WANTED TO SEE
IF I COULD TALK TO YOU
FOR A COUPLE OF MINUTES.
I BROUGHT A COFFEE...
- NO, I GOTTA GO.
- THOUGHT WE COULD SPEAK
FOR A SECOND.
I SENT YOU A COUPLE OF EMAILS.
- OH, NINE, I THINK.
- REGARDING MAX--I KNOW
THAT'S A LOT FOR FOUR DAYS
BUT I JUST REALLY WANTED TO TALK
WITH YOU ABOUT MAX'S PROGRESS.
- RIGHT.
- I BROUGHT US A COFFEE.
- NO, I KNOW.
- I THOUGHT WE COULD SIT AND
TAKE A MOMENT JUST TO TALK.
- LISTEN, I'M GONNA GET
TO THOSE.
I'M GONNA GET TO
ALL MY EMAILS TONIGHT.
I'LL GET TO IT, TONIGHT.
- OKAY, GREAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT, PLEASE.
PLEASE, I JUST--I REALLY WOULD
LIKE TO TALK TO YOU FOR JUST--
IT'LL TAKE FIVE MINUTES.
THAT'S IT.
- OKAY.
- OKAY?
- ALL RIGHT.
SIT--SIT DOWN. LET'S...
- IF I WEREN'T WORRIED,
I WOULDN'T--
I WOULDN'T HAVE BARGED
IN LIKE THIS.
BUT MAX'S DAD AND I TOOK
A HUGE--HUGE LEAP OF FAITH
BY SENDING HIM TO THE SCHOOL
AND MAINSTREAMING HIM.
- RIGHT.
WELL, WHY DID YOU
MAINSTREAM HIM?
- WELL, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
DO YOU THINK IT WAS A BAD IDEA?
BECAUSE I FOUGHT MY HUSBAND
ON IT FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
- NO, NO, I DON'T--I'M NOT
SAYING IT WAS A BAD IDEA,
I'M ASKING WHY YOU DID IT.
- SO HE COULD BE
ACADEMICALLY CHALLENGED.
- AND HE WILL BE.
HE'S EXTREMELY BRIGHT.
- I JUST--I WORRY BECAUSE,
I'M GONNA SOUND LIKE A WEIRDO,
BUT I ACTUALLY LEI-T WORK
YESTERDAY
JUST TO SORT OF SPY ON HIM,
JUST TO SEE HOW HE WAS DOING,
AND COPING, AND I'M WORRIED
ABOUT HIM SOCIALLY
AND I CAME TO SCHOOL, AND I SAW
HIM SITTING ON--ON THE TABLE
BY HIMSELF AT LUNCH TIME.
AND I JUST GET A LITTLE CONCERN.
I KNOW I SOUND
LIKE A TOTAL FREAK,
AND I'M JUST--I'M VERY EMOTIONAL
BECAUSE OF HORMONES AND...
- YOU'RE NOT FREAK.
IT'S--YOU'RE JUST GONNA HAVE
TO GET A LITTLE MORE COMFORTABLE
WITH HAVING LESS CONTROL.
- THAT'S GONNA BE REALLY
HARD FOR ME.
- I KNOW.
- COULD I MAYBE GET
YOUR HOME NUMBER?
[laughs]
I'M JUST KIDDING.
I WOULDN'T DO THAT TO YOU.
I MEAN.
- I'LL TRY TO BE
A LITTLE MORE...
- THANKS.
- ANSWER THE EMAILS
A LITTLE QUICKER.
- OKAY.
- HE'LL BE FINE!
[knocks on door]
- AHEM.
- HEY.
UM, SO, I GAVE MY LANDLORD
THAT LETTER,
AND HE COMPLETELY BACKED OFF.
LIKE, I'D NEVER SEEN HIM
SO TERRIFIED.
- [laughs]
- SO--UM, I GOT YOU
A FREE COFFEE.
IT'S NOT QUITE
FREE LEGAL ADVICE,
BUT IT'S GOOD
WITH A DOUGHNUT.
- [laughs]
WELL, I'M GLAD I COULD HELP,
AND THANK YOU VERY MUCH
FOR THE COFFEE.
- IF--IF THERE'S EVER ANYTHING
I CAN DO FOR--FOR YOU,
I MEAN, I KNOW SOME PRETTY COOL
CAPOEIRA MOVES, YOU KNOW.
- THAT MAYBE COULD COME
IN HANDY, THANKS.
- TAEIQNONDO?
- I GUESS, I'M JUST--
THANK YOU.
- ZOE...
WOULD YOU EVER CONSIDER
THAT I MAY ADOPT YOUR BABY?
- UM...
NO.
- OUR PLAN IS TO TRY TO
HANG ONTO AS MUCH OF THESE
FURNISHINGS AS POSSIBLE BECAUSE
IT'S SO AUTHENTIC AND THEN--OH,
WE WHERE GONNA TRY TO MAKE THIS
FUNCTIONAL AGAIN.
MAKE GRILLED CHEESES AND MALTS,
THAT KIND OF THING, YOU KNOW,
SO THE MUSICIANS HAVE SOMETHING
TO SNACK ON IN BETWEEN.
- GUYS, I AM GOTTA BE HONEST
WITH YOU.
I'VE JUST GOT A GREAT OFFER
FROM ANOTHER DEVELOPER
AND HE'S PRETTY SOLID.
- REALLY?
- WELL, THIS IS
A PRETTY UNIQUE SPACE.
WHAT ARE THEY PLANNING ON DOING?
- THEY GOT PRETTY MUCH RIPPED
EVERYTHING OUT
AND PUT IN OFFICE SPACE.
- ARE YOU KIDDING--
YOU'RE NOT KIDDING?
THAT'S--THAT'S
A TERRIBLE IDEA.
YOU CAN'T LET THEM DO THAT.
- EXCUSE ME.
- HE DIDN'T MEAN IT
LIKE THAT EXACTLY.
- NO, NO.
I MEAN, I KNOW I MEAN THAT.
- I'M PRETTY SURE YOU DIDN'T.
- I DO HAVE ANOTHER MEETING
TO GET TO, GENTLEMEN.
- OKAY.
I'LL MAKE THIS REALLY QUICK.
YOU OWN A HISTORICAL TREASURE.
- DUDE, PEOPLE IN REAL STATE
DON'T LIKE TO HEAR THE WORD,
HISTORICAL.
- OKAY.
OKAY, SO WHAT
WE WOULD LIKE TO DO
IS TAKE THIS NON-HISTORICAL SITE
AND REINVENT WHAT IT WAS.
YOU KNOW, UPDATE EVERYTHING,
MAKE IT DIGITAL,
BUT HOLD ON TO THAT ESSENCE
THAT BROUGHT
ALL OF TH ESE
AMAZING, AMAZING BANDS HERE.
I'VE BEEN A SOUND ENGINEER
FOR 10 YEARS.
I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING.
I'M GOOD.
AND I'VE COMMITMENTS
FROM A LOT OF ARTISTS
THAT WANNA FOLLOW ME
OVER HERE.
- IT'S--IT IS VERY ROMANTIC
AND APPEALING,
BUT THIS OTHER DEVELOPER HAS
A REALLY SOLID LONG-TERM PLAN,
AND I GOTTA BE SMART HERE, GUYS.
- WELL, I THINK THIS
IS THE SMART FINANCIAL THING.
NOW I'VE RUN TINA'S FOOTWEAR
FOR 15 YEARS AT A PROFIT,
AND I BELIEVE IN THIS.
THIS IS A GREAT IDEA.
THIS IS THE RIGHT SPACE,
IT'S THE RIGHT TIME,
IT'S THE RIGHT IDEA,
IT'S THE RIGHT WAY TO USE IT.
YOU JUST GET TO SEE IT.
YOU JUST GOTTA LOOK ROUND.
YOU GOTTA SEE WHAT
HE'S TALKING ABOUT.
NOW, WOULD YOU RATHER BE
A PART OF
A BUNCH OF OFFICE SPACE
AND CUBICLES
AND I DON'T KNOW
WHAT WOULD GO ON HERE,
BUT I'M SURE YOU'VE GONNA HAVE
A LOT MORE TURNOVER
WITH WHATEVER THAT SITUATION IS
THAN IF THIS
WAS RECORDING STUDIO.
WE'RE NOT LEAVING.
WE'RE HERE TO LEASE THIS SPACE
AND MAKE OUR BUSINESS WORK.
- KIND OF STUPID TO EVEN
HAVE TO ASK YOU THIS,
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE
A CRIMINAL RECORD.
I MEAN, THAT'S RIDICULOUS,
RIGHT?
ALEX, I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU COULDN'T HAVE TOLD ME THAT.
- HADDIE, YOU HAVE NO CLUE.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT I WENT THROUGH.
THOSE YEARS I WAS IN TROUBLE,
THINGS THAT I'M ASHAMED OF.
HADDIE, I PICKED UP
MY DAD'S GUN
AND TRIED TO ROB
A LIQUOR STORE, OKAY?
BECAUSE I HAD NO MONEY,
I HAD NO FOOD.
I HAD NO ALCOHOL.
I NEED--NEEDED IT.
HADDIE, I DIDN'T--
I WAS SO LOW.
AND I WAS SO WEAK.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
IF I WOULD'VE BEEN HONEST,
UP FRONT,
WOULD YOU HAVE STILL DATED ME?
WOULD YOU HAVE STILL
BEEN HERE?
HADDIE, COULD YOU'VE--
COULD YOU HAVE LOVED ME?
NO, YOU WOULDN'T HAVE
LOOKED TWICE AT ME.
WHY? BECAUSE WHEN PEOPLE
HEAR THAT, IT DEFINES YOU.
THAT'S IT.
THERE IS NO SECOND CHANCES.
I DIDN'T--
I DIDN'T WANNA LOSE YOU.
AND I CAN'T, I CAN'T,
I CAN'T LOSE YOU.
HADDIE, I DON'T HAVE
ANYBODY ELSE.
- HONEY, WHY IS DOOR OPEN?
- I LEI-T IT OPEN.
OH, HI.
- HI.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
- I BROUGHT YOU SOME STUFF.
- WHY?
- [sighs]
I JUST BROUGHT YOU SOME--
YOU KNOW, STUFF THAT
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT USE.
- THAT'S COOL.
- WOW, IT'S REALLY, UM...
- SHAPING UP, HUH?
- YEAH.
OH, WOW.
- LET ME JUST PUT THIS
OVER HERE...
- ALLOW ME.
- CLOSE TO YOU BECAUSE I KNOW
HOW YOU--HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT HIM.
- SO, UM...
[breathes deeply]
I'VE SOMETHING
I WANNA TELL YOU.
- OKAY?
- I LOVE YOU.
THAT'S
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING.
I DON'T WANT YOUR FEELINGS
TO BE HURT,
NO MATTER WHAT.
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE OKAY.
- WHAT IS THIS?
WAIT, ARE YOU SICK?
ARE YOU DYING?
- NO.
THAT'S YOUR REACTION?
YOU'RE WOULDN'T BE
MORE UPSET OR...
- YOU HAVE TO GIVE ME TIME,
I MEAN IT...
- [giggIeSJ
- I NEED TO PROCESS, SHOCK.
- NO, IT'S NOTHING LIKE THAT.
I, UM...
- WHAT?
- I'M STARTING--STARTING TO...
FALL IN LOVE WITH SOMEBODY,
AND, UM, I JUST FEEL
SENSITIVE ABOUT IT
BECAUSE IT'S MR. CYR.
IT'S MARK.
I DIDN'T WANT YOU TO HAVE HURT
FEELINGS ABOUT IT.
- MOM, DON'T.
GOD, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
IT'S MORE THAN OKAY.
IT'S AMAZING.
- DOES IT SEEM WEIRD THAT,
YOU KNOW, IT'S SO DIFFERENT?
GOD, MOM.
FOR GOD'S SAKES,
YOU'RE AMAZING AND WONDERFUL
AND BEAUTIFUL AND GREAT AND
LIKE, HOTTER THAN, YOU KNOW,
SO, HE'S LUCKY TO BE
WITH YOU FOR SURE.
- LISTEN TO ME.
YOU GUYS HAVE FIRST DIBS THOUGH,
YOU KNOW.
I MEAN, YOU AND YOUR BROTHER,
YOU'RE ALWAYS NUMBER ONE.
UNLESS I HAVE A DATE,
'CAUSE THEN, I GOTTA
PUT YOU NUMBER TWO.
- GOOD JOB.
I THINK THAT'S FAIR.
- [giggIeSJ
- I THINK I'VE DONE THAT TO YOU
A TIME OR TWO,
SO I GUESS WE'RE EVEN.
DOES THIS MEAN I CAN CALL HIM
MARK NOW, TOO?
- MY LOVE'S BEEN KNOWN
WITH YOU
I TRY TO DENY
WITH ALL MY HEART
THAT I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU
I DON'T REALLY CARE
YOU KNEW
THAT'S WHAT I'D SAY
THE ONLY TIME I MISS YOU
IS EVERY SINGLE DAY...
- I'M IN.
- DAMN THE TORPEDOES?
- DAMN 'EM.
- HEY.
- WHAT'S UP?
PRETTY HAPPY.
- IT'S MY VICTORY DANCE.
- YEAH?
- YOU DID IT.
- I GOT THE LEASE.
- YOU GOT THE LEASE?
- EXCELLENT.
WE DID IT.
- I COULD NOT HAVE DONE IT
WITHOUT YOU.
- ALL RIGHT.
CONGRATULATIONS.
- THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- YOU BET.
- I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO
OTHER THAN TO NEVER
BOTHER YOU AGAIN
WITH ANY RECORDING STUDIO
BUSINESS, EVER AGAIN.
- THAT'S OKAY.
YOU COULD BOTHER ME.
- OH, ARE YOU SURE?
- YEAH.
- ARE YOU SURE?
- LISTEN,
I THINK MIGHT WANNA--
I THINK I MAYBE
CHANGED MY MIND.
I THINK I MIGHT WANNA DO THIS
WITH YOU.
I'M SAYING, WOULD YOU
RECONSIDER BEING...
- YES.
- BEING PARTNERS?
- YEAH?
- ARE--FOR REAL THOUGH?
- YEAH.
- WHAT ABOUT THE ROOT BEAR
COMPANY?
- I CAN'T--I CAN'T DO IT.
- SO WE'RE GONNA DO THIS?
- I GOTTA CALL THEM
AND I GOTTA--
- W-W-WAIT.
- WHAT?
- YOU AND ME?
PARTNERS?
WE'RE GONNA DO THIS?
- YEAH.
LOOK, I--LOOK--
- WELL, GET EXCITED!
- I AM. I AM EXCITED.
I AM EXITED, ALL RIGHT.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET ME WRONG, I AM EXCITED.
- OKAY.
THIS IS GONNA BE MAGIC.
- BUT I WANT YOU TO KNOW,
I'M DOING THIS
BECAUSE I BELIEVE IN YOU, OKAY?
BUT I ALSO BELIEVE IN THIS IDEA.
SO YOU GOTTA TRUST ME
WHEN IT COMES TO THE BUSINESS
SIDE OF THINGS, ALL RIGHT?
AND I'M NOT DOING ALL THE WORK.
- YOU JUST MADE MY WHOLE YEAR.
- DON'T MAKE ME REGRET THIS,
ALL RIGHT?
AND DON'T TELL KRISTINA.
I HAVEN'T--YOU KNOW,
SHE DOESN'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT THIS, OKAY?
AND I GOTTA LET--I GOTTA BREAK
THIS TO HER SOI-TLY, GENTLY.
EXACTLY.
- TO THE LUNCHEONETTE.
- TO THE LUNCHEONETTE!
- ALL RIGHT.
- PARTNERS.
- PARTNERS. YOU AND ME.
- MODERN DAY RINGLING BROTHERS.
COME ON.
I'M SO EXCITED.
- ARE YOU READY?
- YES, SURE, YES...
- ARE YOU READY FOR THIS?
- BRAVERMAN AND BRAVERMAN.
- ON THREE.
- WOOH.
[laughter]
- LOOK, THERE'S MY COUSIN
OVER THERE.
HE'LL KNOW THIS.
COME ON.
- OKAY.
- DO YOU KNOW HOW
TO GET TO THE JADE FOREST
WITHOUT GOING THROUGH
THE AVALANCHE?
- OH, AND YOU KNOW HOW TO
FLIP THE BRIDGE
AWAY FROM THE BAD GUYS?
- HOW DO YOU FIND
THE STRONGEST WEAPON?
- HOW DO YOU CLIMB THE TREE
THAT'S REALLY TALL?
- I'M MAX BRAVERMAN.
- I'M DANNY.
- AND I'M JESSE.
- OKAY, SO HERE'S WHAT YOU DO.
SO YOU CAN ONLY GO
TO THE MOUNTAIN PATH
IF YOU KNOW TO DRINK WATER
FROM THE SPRING.
AND ONCE YOU DO THAT,
WHEN YOU GO AROUND THE BENDER,
WILL BE
ADA THE HEARTLESS,
THAT YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
DEFEAT WITH WAYFINDER.
- SEE, HE KNOWS EVERYTHING
ABOUT VIDEOGAM ES.
HE'S LIKE A GENIUS.
- AND SO WHAT THE THING
WITH THE JADE FOREST,
YOU GO AROUND THE MOUNTAIN,
USE THE TOOLS...
- WHAT I WOULDN'T DO,
WHEN I HAD YOU, BABE
WHEN I HAD YOU